README.md, before:


<h3 align="right">
  <a align="right" href="https://github.com/lyluongthien">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/lyluongthien?color=green&label=KAI%20|%20Thien%20Ly&logo=GitHub&style=for-the-badge"/>
  </a>
</h3> 

### 👋 Wellcome to my GitHub
Hi there, I am Kai,
and there are some facts about me:
- 📃 I’m currently working on Software Engineering, Architecture and LLMOps
- 📝 I'm writing about technical stuff on [thediligentengineer.com](https://thediligentengineer.com)
- 👨🏻‍🍼 I'm taking care of my daughter, her IG is <a align="right" href="https://instagram.com/gauxinhtuoicuaba">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fin%2Flyluongthien%2F&style=social&logo=instagram&logoColor=pink&label=@gauxinhtuoicuaba&labelColor=white&color=pink"/>
  </a>
- 🥋 I've been practicing Nghiadung Karate-Do (義勇空手道) for over 10 years (since 2014)
- 💬 Ask me about engineering & 🥋 Karate-Do
- 📫 Reach me on:
  <a align="right" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lyluongthien">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fin%2Flyluongthien%2F&style=plastic&logo=linkedin&logoColor=%230096FF&label=LinkedIn&labelColor=white&color=green"/>
  </a>
  <a align="right" href="https://x.com/kaithienly">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2F_thienly&style=plastic&logo=twitter&logoColor=%230096FF&label=Twitter%2FX&labelColor=white&color=black"/>
  </a>
- 🤵🏻‍♂️ Pronouns: he/they

Happy to _see_ you here 😉

Commit message:

Update README.md with momos.com

README.md, after:


<h3 align="right">
  <a align="right" href="https://github.com/lyluongthien">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/lyluongthien?color=green&label=KAI%20|%20Thien%20Ly&logo=GitHub&style=for-the-badge"/>
  </a>
</h3> 

### 👋 Wellcome to my GitHub

#### Hi there, I’m Kai 
 
 
 _(If you want a more complicated pronunciation, I’m Lý Lưỡng Thiên ;) )_

#### and there are some facts about me:
- 🧑🏻‍💻 As an engineer, I started my career at my 20 - 2019. Digging in T shape with 
  - Horizontal line: frontend & μFE, mobile, desktop, ide, compiler,...
  - Vertical line: Backend, μservices, and scaling systems
- 📝 As a writer, I’ve written a lot (of course 😆) on the engineering side: [thediligentengineer.com](https://thediligentengineer.com)
- 👨🏻‍🍼 As a dad, I’m taking an “internship” at my home to raise my first kid - Gấu, her IG is <a align="right" href="https://instagram.com/gauxinhtuoicuaba">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fin%2Flyluongthien%2F&style=social&logo=instagram&logoColor=pink&label=@gauxinhtuoicuaba&labelColor=white&color=pink"/>
  </a>
- 🥋 As a Karate-Ka, I’m striving to achieve my black belt next year after 10 years of practising Nghiadung Karate-Do (義勇空手道) (since 2014).
- 👨🏼‍🍳 As a cook 😉, I’m cooking at Momos and my apartment. My best dish is _Thịt bằm xào anh - “Minced meat stir-fried with me”_ (Tonkin jasmine flowers - a homophone of Thiên Lý (me)  in Vietnamese 😉)

- 💬 Ask me about engineering & 🥋 Karate-Do
- 📫 Reach me on:
  <a align="right" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lyluongthien">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fin%2Flyluongthien%2F&style=plastic&logo=linkedin&logoColor=%230096FF&label=LinkedIn&labelColor=white&color=green"/>
  </a>
  <a align="right" href="https://x.com/kaithienly">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2F_thienly&style=plastic&logo=twitter&logoColor=%230096FF&label=Twitter%2FX&labelColor=white&color=black"/>
  </a>
- 🤵🏻‍♂️ Pronouns: he/they

#### Happy to _see_ you here 😉


 #Engineer, #Writer, #Father, #KarateKa
